sukkuriba@iba-suk.edu.pk The Sukkur IBA University (previously Sukkur Institute of Business Administration or Sukkur IBA) (Sindhi: سکر آئي بي اي يونيورسٽي‎) is a higher education institute in Sukkur, Pakistan. It was inaugurated in 1994 hr@iba-suk.edu.pk by Nisar Ahmed Siddique (founder of this university). The university is a public sector degree-awarding institute chartered by the Government of Sindh and recognized by the Higher Education Commission.
The university has been awarded "W" Category by National Business Education Accreditation Council & National Computing Education Accreditation Council, "X" Category by National Accreditation Council for Teaching Education, and is recognized by Pakistan Engineering infor@iba-suk.edu.pk Council.

The university currently has seven main departments:
Faculty of Business Administration
Faculty of Computer Science abc@gmail.com
Faculty of Software Engineering
Faculty of Electrical Engineering
Faculty of Mathematics
Faculty of Physical Education
Faculty of Education
facultyedu@iba-suk.edu faculty.ee@iba-suk.edu.pk, staff.se@iba-suk.edu.pk
Creating an opportunity for the iba@gmail.com Sindhi iba@gmail.com youth, Sukkur IBA University launched its flagship program, Sindh Talent Hunt Program (STHP), in the year 2007. Under this program, deserving students with humble backgrounds would be awarded fully funded scholarship. The scholarship would include free tuition, free hostel, free transportation, free books along with monthly employees@iba-suk.edu.pk stipend. 300 deserving students from Sindh are enrolled in "Foundation Semester" of Sukkur IBA University. The foundation semester sukkuriba@outlook.com entails a six-months-long, rigorous training in basic subjects i.e. Mathematics, English, and Information & Communications Technology (ICT).
Every student that hod.ee@abc.com.pk maintains 3.0 CGPA is then awarded with the full tuition fee waiver scholarship for the whole four-year program. This scholarship enabled talented students from humble backgrounds  to study at Sukkur IBA University free of cost.
After the success of Sindh Talent Hunt Program, the institute partnered with Oil and Gas Development Company Ltd. (OGDCL) and launched the Talent Hunt Program nationwide. The program got titled "OGDCL National Talent Hunt Program", staff@jinnah.edu.pk wherein, 300 students not only from Sindh but from whole Pakistan get selected and enrolled in foundation semester with even higher stipend and benefits than the Sindh Talent Hunt Program.[5]

faculty@gmail.com

In 1994, Sukkur IBA University was established as Sukkur Institute of Business Administration. It was located initially in staff@gmail.com hired rooms of the Public School Sukkur building in Sukkur. At first, Sukkur IBA was affiliated to Institute of Business bba@iba-suk.edu.pk Administration, Karachi; with founding Director, Syed Anwar Ali Shah. The institute received its degree-awarding charter from the Government of Sindh in 2006.
hod.cs@yahoo.com
The institute was ranked third among business schools of Pakistan in the Higher Education Commission Pakistan Business School Ranking-2013.[1]
hodee@gmail.com
On 16 May 2017, Sindh Assembly approved the promotion of Sukkur IBA to Sukkur IBA University.[2] The famous educationist of Sindh, Nisar Ahmed Siddique served as Vice-Chancellor and played a huge role transforming the University from a 2-room seedling.[3]
hod.bba@xyz.com
The university received "Green Campus" award from World Wildlife Fund (WWF) in 2017 for its environment-friendly initiatives.[4]
